Add product_name placeholder for required places (#5491)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/authentication/user-attributes/enable-attributes-for-oidc-app.md

### Select an alternate subject attribute

> The subject attribute exchanges information about the user. The ID token contains this as the **sub** attribute. By default, {{ product_name }} uses the **User ID** as the subject. You can select any user attribute as the subject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **subject** attribute (`sub`) in the ID token uniquely identifies a user. By default, {{ product_name }} sets sub to the User ID, but you can configure it to use any other user attribute as the subject.
```
